c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Diploma.dll.config
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Diploma.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Diploma.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Npgsql.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Npgsql.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\obj\Debug\Diploma.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\obj\Debug\Diploma.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\obj\Debug\Diploma.dll
c:\users\alya\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Diploma\Diploma\obj\Debug\Diploma.pdb
